feat: added sum observer metric (#1304)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: packages/opentelemetry-metrics/README.md

```

### Sum Observer

> Choose this kind of metric when collecting a sum that never falls over the lifetime of the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose this kind of metric when collecting a sum that never decreases.
```
